Update custom-ci-config-path URL (#405)
dependabot/dependabot-script: README.md

Thus `https://[gitlab.domain/org/dependabot-script-repo]/pipeline_schedules` dashboard becomes your own dependabot admin interface.

* Clone or mirror this repository.

> * Copy `.gitlab-ci.example.yml` to `.gitlab-ci.yml` or set [a custom CI config path for direct usage](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/pipelines/settings.html#custom-ci-configuration-path).

Reviewer: Looks like it's changed again

```suggestion
* Copy `.gitlab-ci.example.yml` to `.gitlab-ci.yml` or set [a custom CI config path for direct usage](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/pipelines/settings.html#custom-cicd-configuration-path).
```
